Fix documentation for XSA (#1189)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/scenarios/xsa-deploy/Readme.md

> # Build and Deploy SAP Fiori Applications on SAP HANA XS Advanced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build and Deploy SAP Fiori Applications on SAP HANA Extended Application Services, Advanced Model
```

> Build an application based on SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori with Jenkins and deploy the build result to SAP HANA XS Advanced.

Reviewer: I just noticed that there might be a naming issue: The official name of SAP HANA XS Advanced is "SAP HANA extended application services, advanced model". Officially, we're not allowed to use "SAP HANA XS Advanced" - see [SAP Brand Tools](https://www.sapbrandtools.com/naming-center/#/requests/3436).

> Build an application based on SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori with Jenkins and deploy the build result to SAP HANA XS Advanced.

Author: ```suggestion
Build an application based on SAPUI5 or SAP Fiori with Jenkins and deploy the build result to SAP HANA extended application services, advanced model.
```

## Prerequisites

* [Docker environment](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/)
* All artifacts referenced during the build are available either on Service Market Place or via public repositories.
* You have set up Project “Piper”. See [guided tour](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/guidedtour/).

> * Docker image for xs deployment is locally available. Due to legal reasons there is no pre-build Docker image. How to create the Docker image is explained [here][devops-docker-images-xs-deploy-readme].

Reviewer 2: > Docker image (...) locally available.

Well. In fact it is not available. What we have is a docker script which can be used in order to create a docker image locally.

Author: This is a prerequisite, i.e. the image should be _locally available_ to run the scenario. In order to have it _locally available_ build instructions are linked. Could you give me an alternative, because _for me_ it's clear ... but usually that doesn't mean it's clear for everybody :) Maybe @SarahNoack can help us out here.

Reviewer 2: A ok, in the UI during review the headline `Prerequisites` was not visible. Hence I missed that the bullet point is under a section `Prerequisites`. With that in mind it is OK.

> * Docker image for xs deployment is locally available. Due to legal reasons there is no pre-build Docker image. How to create the Docker image is explained [here][devops-docker-images-xs-deploy-readme].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Docker image for xs deployment is locally available. Due to legal reasons, there is no pre-build Docker image. How to create the Docker image is explained [here][devops-docker-images-xs-deploy-readme].
```
